- Now in our application,
we are going to use the CookieThemeResolver.
So let's see how to utilize that.
You have to go in your ApplicationConfig.
So let's grab that ApplicationConfig file,
let's come down there
and in this,
we're going to define the theme resolver Bean.
So that'll be instantiated for us
and I have annotated it with Bean for that purpose.
So ThemeResolver
and let's write inside it
the actual object,
the actual implementation that we need to pick up.
So I'm going to instantiate CookieThemeResolver
and to this CookieThemeResolver,
I will set the cookie name.
What this means is,
we said that the CookieThemeResolver
is going to pick up the name of the theme
from the cookie from your browser.
So how is that cookie going to be stored?
How is it going to be identified?
That is the name that I'm trying to configure here.
So let's say it is called just theme.
And another thing that we can set on this is
we can set the default theme name,
which means if you're not trying to
pick up the theme, specifically,
then what is the one that it'll always should default to?
So I'm going to say that client-theme,
right there on the left pane on the screen,
client-theme1,
let that be the default theme,
because that was the one pointing to style.css,
which is the default theme that we have been playing with
in the entire application.
So let's set that.
We'll say client-theme1.
So once we set that,
we just have to return this theme resolver object.
That is all.
So we are choosing CookieThemeResolver,
however, you can also choose the
session theme resolver, as we say,
which is going to help you pick up the theme value
from your http session object.
Okay.
Once we are done with that,
the next step will be to configure
the ThemeChangeInterceptor.
Now, we already know what interceptors are
and we have to configure the ThemeChangeinterceptor
so that we're able to trap
the change in the name of the theme
for every request that is hit on the browser.
So how do we do that?
Let's come back to the IDE
and if you see,
you have the ApplicationConfig,
which is opened right there
and we did add interceptors on line 81,
where we configured our own interceptor.
So now do that,
we're going to say registry.addInterceptor
and instantiate the ThemeChangeInterceptor.
Understand that this is the in-built interceptor
that's already provided to you by the Spring framework
and it's purpose is to trap that value,
which is coming as a query param in your URL pattern.
So I'm going to show you how to access this.
I'm going to show you how do you actually provide value,
do not worry about that,
but right now, just understand that it is helping you
to catch that value
and according to that value,
CookieThemeResolver and the entire theme source API of the
framework will work for you
and it'll resolve the themes for us.
Okay, now this is very important.
Once you've configured the resolver and the interceptor,
then you have to use a tag
on your JSP pages, spring:theme
and this is going to point to that key
that you have defined in the .properties file.
What I mean is, let's recap that,
in case we do not remember.
On the .properties file,
we defined the code,
which is this one,
in both of them,
client one theme properties, client theme two properties.
This is the code that has to be referred on your JSP
and that reference will be done by the Spring tag lib.
So let's do that.
Let's go to index.jsp
and if you see right at the top,
we don't have that tag lib enabled right now.
So in order to get the Spring tag library on our index.jsp,
we can just go to login.jsp,
copy this,
go to index.jsp again
and let's paste that.
We don't want the form tag lib,
you want the Spring tag lib,
so that's how it is going to be like.
springframework.org/tags and the prefix is spring.
So that should suffice whatever we want to do with it.
So how do you now make use of this tag lib
in order to reference that code
that we have defined in the properties file for the themes.
So let's come on line seven, which is this
and I'm just going to write the link tag again
with the Spring tag lib tag
so let's do that first
and then we'll rub off the line seven.
So it will look like this:
link, of course the rel will remain the same,
because it is a stylesheet at the end of the day
and now inside your href,
you're going to do something different,
what is that?
You're going to reference the spring:theme tag
and this one will have an attribute,
which is called code
and that code, be very careful,
you can actually copy it from theme properties file.
That's always better.
So let's copy this,
come back to index.jsp,
and paste it here.
So that is the code that you're providing.
So based on this code,
it is going to pick up the respective value
from the properties file for the css file
and then it will display the theme for you.
So let's go ahead and close this tag,
which will be like this.
Let's close this tag, yes.
And it's an entire tag in the href attribute,
so do not get confused with this index there.
And then let's of course also say,
type="text/css"
and then let's close the link rel.
So the difference was that
whatever you provide in the href
is now going to be a little different,
because Spring is supposed to resolve those themes
so you're referencing the code of that
through the spring:theme tag.
So now I'm going to take the line seven of this file.
We don't need that anymore,
because we did it with the spring:theme tag.